okay guys it's casual gamer read going
to look at a Justice League 13 a
beautiful issue drawn by Tony Daniel he
really does excel in this comic John's
of course the other writer Jeff Jones
best rider in the business so the pet
the comic opens up with a flashback to
wonder woman and Superman's kiss it's a
flashback to that then we go to a scene
where a Wonder Woman is fighting a
cheetah her best friend and the
continues they fight fight fight a
little bit and eventually cheetah gets
away then we cut to a scene in the
hospital with a Trevor Wonder Woman
Wonder Woman's are Batman Aquaman there
they're saying they have to in the flash
there they're saying they have to find a
cheetah have to find her and the reason
why Diana wants to savor so much is
because they were friends and there's
still some tension here with Diana and
Trevor same-o same-o know the love
tension they have going on lovers
whatever they was before you know we
know the relationship they had before
there's some tension there and the scene
ends with a Superman telling Diana about
how they're how they met if there's
still any feelings are with the
relationship or whatever they're kind of
confused you can tell by the way the
scene is drawn by Tony Daniel beautiful
art you know what happened a few days
ago Diana says I know what Superman says
I know it was a kiss not a commitment
but then Superman says it was nice and
Wonder Woman says yes it was nice then
we go to a scene were a flash and the
cyborg ur talking and flash has some
good one-liners he's cutting up with the
sideboard because the cyborg says all he
does is he works he gets off work and he
comes here and works for the Justice
League and they have just a good time
kidding and joking around cyborg does
then eventually cuts back
scene where we have Diana once again in
focus Cyborg Superman and flash all
together in the same room saying they
have to help cheetah they have to help
you two out then we cut to the next page
we have a Batman and Aquaman talking to
each other they're in the hospital room
with Trevor and I he tells Batman
Aquaman and he does not feel he feels
bad about how the relationship ended and
that he needs to talk to Diana and the
page ends with him with his head down
and he and they said that they would
help him try to talk with Diana
something to that matter something to
that something to that whatever try to
help him talk to Diana about the
relationship then we cut to the force
where we have Wonder Woman Superman
Aquaman and cyborgs and the flash all
together looking for the cheetah looking
for cheetah because one woman wants to
help her so much then out of nowhere
Jeter pops out she attacks the Batman
the she didn't goes after flash and I
ain't use him also so she's kicking ass
right now then the sideboard pops in
mrs. the cheetah then cheetah pops in
and a she bought Superman before Wonder
Woman can stop it and the flash page
ends with a Superman transformed into a
cheetah and that's how it ended this
issue was a great great issue I really
enjoyed it Tony Daniels art is amazing
so Superman sorry Justice League is in
great hands we still have Geoff Johns
being the writer and the art is
beautiful Tony Danu I don't know how
long he's going to be on this title but
this issue was beautiful really nicely
done this is one of my favorite issues
of the Justice League coming so far it's
not slowing down even without Jim Lee's
art Tony Daniel is amazing I didn't miss
Jim Lee a bit in this issue so anyway
that's to review I give it a solid nine
out of ten great issue please like
subscribe and comment thanks for
watching